Price of 50 billion
I guess the person behind you can't open it.
Mr. Wang, you are a smart man.
You know how to choose
Give you 3 seconds to think about it 3
250 billion
I sold it
Hahaha
So I said
Things that can be solved with money are not a big deal
After all, I'm just a stinking upstart with a little money.
Mr. Li is as young and promising as you.
That's really one in a thousand.
Lin
When did we sign the contract?
How can a 50 billion acquisition contract be signed just like that?
Play me
Then there is no president Wang who will play tricks on people.
Didn't I tell Mr. Wang before?
I am this person
What I am best at is to return the favor with my own body.
I'll give you 30 seconds
Get me the USB drive.
start
Ahhhhh